Use `target remote` for remote connections (#1151)
hugsy/gef: docs/commands/gef-remote.md

## Command `gef-remote`

📝 **IMPORTANT NOTE**: `gef-remote` is deprecated since 2026.04 in favor of `target remote`. The

> command will be removed in a future release. Do not rely on it.

Reviewer: GitHub MarkDown has [a syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts) that formats pretty nicely when the file is displayed in their renderer, without making it look to ugly in other cases.

The suggestion will format oh GitHub as...

> [!IMPORTANT]
> `gef-remote` is deprecated since 2026.04 in favor of `target remote`.
> The command will be removed in a future release. Do not rely on it.

In a non-GitHub-Flavored MarkDown renderer, it'll look roughly like this...

> <i></i>[!IMPORTANT] `gef-remote` is deprecated since 2026.04 in favor of `target remote`.  The command will be removed in a future release. Do not rely on it.

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> `gef-remote` is deprecated since 2026.04 in favor of `target remote`.
> The command will be removed in a future release. Do not rely on it.
```

Reviewer: (There's also `[!CAUTION]`, `[!WARNING]`, `[!NOTE]`, and `[!TIP]`.)

## Command `gef-remote`

> 📝 **IMPORTANT NOTE**: `gef-remote` is deprecated since 2024.09 in favor of `target remote`. The

Reviewer 2: I guess it'll be the next release

Author: ```suggestion
📝 **IMPORTANT NOTE**: `gef-remote` is deprecated since 2025.06 in favor of `target remote`. The
```
